updating documentation (#44)
bimdata/documentation: src/viewer/reference/native_plugins.md

| `navCube`       | `boolean` | **Default** to `true`. Add the navCube to facilitate the 3D navigation.                      |
| `edges`         | `boolean` | **Default** to `true`. Add model edges.                                                      |

> | `enableOffsets` | `boolean` | **Default** to `False`. Allow model objects to be translated. This increase GPU memory usage |

Reviewer: Can you add spaces and dashes to all lines of the spreadsheet to align columns?

| `enableDynamicLOD` | `boolean` | **Default** to `True`. If FPS are too low, complex objects will be hidden during camera moves. This allow a better navigation on low-end computers or with very big models. . This decrease GPU memory usage |

> | `home` | `boolean` | **Default** to `True`.  Reinitialise point of view and reintitlises 3D viewer|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `home` | `boolean` | **Default** to `True`.  Reinitialize point of view and reset all objects state (visibility, x-ray)|
```
